Create ui-c8y-1018-503-152-role-description-displayed-trusted-html-fix-8586-graft-release-y-2024.md (#3146)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1018-503-152-role-description-displayed-trusted-html-fix-8586-graft-release-y-2024.md

---
date: ""

> title: Role description displayed trusted HTML fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Role description displayed trusted HTML fix to avoid XSS attacks
```

> title: Role description displayed trusted HTML fix (#8586) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#8749)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Role description displayed trusted HTML fix
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59286
version: 1018.503.152
---

> Role description is not treated as safe HTML anymore to avoid XSS attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, it was possible to put malicious code into description of inventory role and when it's displayed, that code would be executed as it was treated as trusted HTML. E.g. if description would be "<img src="x" onerror="alert(123)" />", browser alert method would be called when displayed.
Description is treated as potentially dangerous now (as most user provided properties) and attacks described above are not possible. There is no visual change for customers, non-harmful markdown is still interpreted (tags, classes are not stripped away).
```

> Role description displayed trusted HTML fix (#8586) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#8749)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Role description is not treated as safe HTML anymore to avoid XSS attacks.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Role description displayed as trusted HTML to improve security

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Role description no longer displayed as trusted HTML to improve security
```

> title: Role description displayed trusted HTML fix to avoid XSS attacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Role description displayed as trusted HTML fix to avoid XSS attacks
```

> title: Role description displayed as trusted HTML fix to avoid XSS attacks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Role description displayed as trusted HTML to improve security
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59286
version: 1018.503.152
---

> Previously, it was possible to put malicious code into description of inventory role and when it's displayed, that code would be executed as it was treated as trusted HTML. E.g. if description would be "<img src="x" onerror="alert(123)" />", browser alert method would be called when displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, it was possible to put malicious code into the description of inventory roles and when it was displayed, that code was treated as trusted HTML. For example, if a description was "<img src="x" onerror="alert(123)" />", the browser alert method was called when displayed.
```

> Description is treated as potentially dangerous now (as most user provided properties) and attacks described above are not possible. There is no visual change for customers, non-harmful markdown is still interpreted (tags, classes are not stripped away).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The description is treated as potentially dangerous now (as most user-provided properties) and XSS attacks as described above are no longer possible. There is no visual change for customers, non-harmful markdown is still interpreted (tags, classes are not stripped away).
```
